1. Example Description
    This application demonstrates the usage of a the MPU M7 IP.
    The application includes an S32DS project that configures the MPU M7 IP driver.
    1.1 The application software functionality
        - Mpu_M7_Ip_Init configure MPU to have access right for PERIPHERAL_ADDR
        - Override exception handlers.
        - Try to write PATTERN to PERIPHERAL_ADDR.
        - Verify that no memfault handler occur.
        - Try to use Mpu_M7_Ip_SetAccessRight to take away right access of core for PERIPHERAL_ADDR and Try to write PATTERN to PERIPHERAL_ADDR. This should trigger an exception for memory management.
        - Verify that memfault handler occur and detail error for MPU is correct
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32G-VNP-RDB3 (SCH-53060, Rev E1)
            - S32G-VNP-RDB3 PCB 53060 RevA1 SCH RevE2
        2.1.2 Connections
            - Powered board through power Adapter 12V
        2.1.3 Debugger
            - The Lauterbach debugger must be connected to J48 JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        - Make sure that all RTD plugins are already installed in the S32DS plugins directory
3. How to run
    3.1 Importing the project into the workspace
        After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select "Mpu_Ip_Example_S32G399A_M7". Then click on "Finish".
        The project should now be copied into you current workspace.
        Wait for the S32 Configuration was initialized and ready.
    3.2 Generating the S32 configuration
        The example will run without an active configuration, however if any changes are required, a configuration needs to be generated.
        The initial configuration will have the same settings as the default example settings.
        Right click on the current project, then click "S32 Configuration Tool" choose "Open Peripherals".
        Pay attention to any error and warning message. If any configured value is invalid, they will be shown for user.
        Make the desired changes (if any) then click "Update Code".
    3.3 Building the project
            Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
            Use Project > Build to build the project.
            Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file should be created.
    3.4 Running the project
            Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:
            
            Configuration Name                              Description
            -------------------------------                 -----------------------
            Mpu_Ip_Example_S32G399A_M7_Debug_RAM_PNE        Debug the RAM configuration using PEmicro probe

            Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
            Use the controls to control the program flow.