1. Example Description
    This application demonstrates the basic usage of Thermal driver.
    The application includes a S32DS project that configures the Mcu, Platform and Thermal drivers.
    If the result is correct, the program will go through to the end of code without stuck in loop, and with bStatus variable set as "True".
    1.1 The application software functionality
            - Mcu_Init, Mcu_InitClock, Mcu_DistributePllClock, Mcu_SetMode
                    Initialize the clock sources, the clock tree and to configure the clock gating of the peripherals.
                    The clock configuration that is used will enable and use the PLL as source clock.
            - Platform_Init
                    Initialize the interrupt controller and to apply the interrupt configuration according to the Platform configuration.
            - Platform_InstallIrqHandler
                    Install the ISR for TMU used by the Thermal driver
            - Thermal_Init
                    Initialize the Thermal Driver.
            - Thermal_EnableNotifications
                    Enables the notification mechanism for the requested temperature threshold.
                    A high temperature threshold is set to a value lower than the normal ambient temperature,
                    to trigger the high temperature interrupt notification.
            - Wait for a notification to occur.
            - Thermal_DisableNotifications
            - Thermal_GetTemp
                    Get the temperature from all the configured monitoring sites.
            - Thermal_GetTempMinMaxLevel
                    Get the minimum and the maximum measured temperatures.
            - Check that temperature is within current platform range using K2C function to convert into Celsius degrees.
            - Thermal_Deinit
                    Returns Thermal HW Unit to a state comparable to its power on reset state.

2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - Daughter card: X-S32R45-PROC-S PCB RevB RevX5 SCH RevB1
            - Motherboard: S32GRV-PLATEVB PCB RevA SCH RevB
            - Silicon: PS32R458AAMUD 0P57D SBAU2141A
        2.1.2 Connections
            No special wiring connections are needed for this example.
        2.1.3 Debugger
            - must be connected to the J190 20-pin JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Procedure:
        The example will run without an active configuration, however if any changes are required, a configuration needs to be generated.
        1. Go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and Right click on the current project, then click "S32 Configuration Tool" and choose "Open Peripherals"
        2. Pay attention to any error and warning message. If any configured value is invalid, it will be shown for user
        3. Make the desired changes (if any) and then click on the "Update Code" button.

    3.2 Compiling the application
        Procedure:
            1. Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse
            2. Use Project > Build to build the project
            3. Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file should be created
    3.3 Running the application on the board
        Procedure:
            1. Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project
            2. Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective
            3. Go to tab Debugger, select "Interface" to S32 Debug Probe - USB. Select USB device connect to S32 Probe Debugger. Click "Apply" to save the configuration. Click "Debug" to start debug the application
            4. Use the controls to control the program flow.
