1. Example Description
    The application includes an EB Tresos project that configures the Base, Dem, Det, EcuM, EcuC, Spi, Mcu, Port, Mcl, Platform and Resource drivers.
    Example will transfer 10 frames 16 bits in loopback mode via SPI_1.
    1.1 The application software functionality
            - Spi_Init
                    Initialization of spi physical units which are configured on SpiPhyUnit tab of configuration tools.
            - Spi_SetAsyncMode
                    Selecting polling or interrupt mode of asynchronous transfers after that.
            - Spi_SetupEB
                    Setting up external buffers to transmission and reception of the master.
            - Spi_AsyncTransmit
                    The master starts transfer with slave by Asynchronous transfer.
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32G-VNP-RDB3 PCB 53060 RevC SCH RevF, S32G3 Cut 1.1
            - 1 S32Debugger (Lauterbach)
        2.2.2 Connections
            - Example will transfer 10 frames 16 bits in loopback mode via SPI_1 so J5-15(SPI1_SIN) must be connected to J5-16(SPI1_SOUT).
            - Switch the SW11 to OFF.
        2.2.3 Debugger
            The debugger must be connected to JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Tresos Project Installation
            The following procedure requires that the user has EB Tresos Studio installed and it is only needed for viewing, updating and generating the driver's configuration.
            Procedure:
                1. Make sure that all RTD plugins are already installed in the Tresos Studio plugins directory
                2. Open Tresos Studio
                3. Import example application project
                    a. Click on "File" and select "Import"
                    b. Select "Existing Projects into Workspace" and click on "Next" button
                    c. Select "Select root directory" and click on "Browse"
                    d. Select the location of the [project] folder in the installed example application package folder
                    e. Optional* - Select "Copy projects into workspace" 
                    f. Click on "Finish" button
        2.2.2 Example configuration
            The following procedure requires that the user has EB Tresos Studio installed and the toolchains versions specified in the Release Notes.
            The toolchain that will be used needs to be installed for correct operation and the path to the installation location shall be added into the system environment variable(s):
            - TRESOS_DIR the installation path of Electrobit Tresos (used for generating the project from command line)
                Ex: TRESOS_DIR = C:/EB/tresos27
            - GCC_DIR The path to the GCC installation dir
                Ex: GCC_DIR = C:/NXP/S32DS.3.3/S32DS/build_tools/gcc_v9.2/gcc-9.2-arm32-eabi
            - PLUGINS_DIR The path to the Tresos plugins directory
                Ex: PLUGINS_DIR = C:/EB/tresos27/plugins
            Procedure:
                1. Open project_parameters.mk file in a text editor and update the variables mentioned above with the correct paths
3. Building the example application
    3.1 Compiling the application
        Procedure:
            1. Open the Windows command prompt window
            2. Change the current directory to the example application folder
            3. To build the example, execute the following command to build: make build
            4. The object files and linker output file (main.elf) shall be generated in the /out subdirectory
    3.2 Running the application on the board
        To execute the example application load the executable file to the evaluation board using the Lauterbach debugger and the debug\test.cmm script.
    3.3 Modifying the configuration in Tresos and generating the code
        Users may change the application configuration according to their needs.
        Procedure:
            1. Open the EB Tresos Studio GUI
            2. Open previously imported Example Application project
            3. Use the Tresos Studio GUI to modify configuration parameter values and save the changes.
            4. Select the Example Application project and click on "Generate" button to generate the configuration files.