1. Example Description
    The application includes an S32 Design Studio project that configures the I2c driver.
 1.1 The aplication software functionality
            The application will initialize the I2C master and slave devices, by calling the I2c_Ip_MasterInit() and I2c_Ip_SlaveInit(). After that master initiate a non-blocking send
            transfer on the I2C bus. At the end of the transfer, received data of slave is checked, and in case the transfer was successful the checkOk variable will be TRUE.
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32G-VNP-RDB2 PCB 47440 RevE SCH RevE, S32G2 silicon (Rev 2.1)
        2.2.2 Connections
            - SCL: J5.14 - J37.1
            - SDA: J5.13 - J37.3
        2.2.3 Debugger
            The debugger must be connected to J48 20-pin JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.
         
3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Before running the example a configuration needs to be generated.  First go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and select the current project. Select the "S32 Configuration Tool" menu then click on the desired configuration tool (Pins, Cocks, Peripherals etc...). Clicking on any one of those will generate all the components. Make the desired changes(if any) then click on the "S32 Configuration Tool->Update Code" button.
    3.2 Compiling the application
        Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse. 
        Use Project > Build to build the project.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file
        should be created.
    3.2 Running the application on the board
        Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:
        
        Configuration Name                  Description
        -------------------------------     -----------------------
        $(example)_debug_ram                Debug the RAM configuration using S32Debugger
        
        Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.