1. Example Description
    This application demonstrates the usage of a subset of Real Time Drivers that are included in this example.
    The application includes an EB Tresos project that configures the Base, Dem, EcuC, Ocu, Mcu, Platform and Resource drivers.
    1.1 The application software functionality
        - Mcu_Init
             Initialize the clock sources, the clock tree and to configure the clock gating of the peripherals.
             The clock configuration that is used will enable and use the PLL as source clock.
        - Platform_Init
             Enable the interrupt used by the application and set the correct handler for it.
        - Port_Init, Dio_WriteChannel
             Init pinout and toggle pin out when interrupt occurs
        - Ocu_Init, Ocu_StartChannel
          Initialize OCU, start the selected timer and enable it's notification that will be called when interrupt occurs (OCU counter match event)
          After the initialization, an OCU channel will start counting and an notification will be called on each compare match.
          Notification function increments a count variable and toggles the state of pin PA_08. Each time the counter variable reached 300 value, the pin PB_06 state which is connected to the RGB LED, will be toggled, making the LED to blink.
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32G-VNP-RDB2 PCB 47440 RevE SCH RevE, S32G2 silicon (Rev 2.1)
        2.2.2 Connections
            A wire connection is required between the following:
                SW11 - switch 
                pin J5.18 (PA_08 - FTM_1_CH_0 output)(need SW11 = OFF for checking this pin)
                RGB LED   (PA_06 - GPIO LED blink)(need SW11 = ON for checking the LED).
        2.2.3 Debugger
            The S32 Debugger must be connected to J48 20-pin JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Before running the example a configuration needs to be generated.  First go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and select the current project. Select the "S32 Configuration Tool" menu then click on the desired configuration tool (Pins, Cocks, Peripherals etc...). Clicking on any one of those will generate all the components. Make the desired changes(if any) then click on the "S32 Configuration Tool->Update Code" button.
    3.2 Compiling the application
        Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
        Use Project > Build to build the project.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file
        should be created.
    3.3 Running the application on the board
        Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:

        Configuration Name                  Description
        -------------------------------     -----------------------
        $(example)_debug_ram_pemicro        Debug the RAM configuration using PEmicro probe

        Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.